Adds docs on default value & dummy file solve (#225)
tinacms/tinacms-site: content/docs/gatsby/json.md

  - `label`: A human readable label for the field.
  - `description`: An optional description that expands on the purpose of the field or prompts a specific action.

> <tip> _Note:_ there may be additional properties specific to each field, but the above are the rudimentary properties of every field. Check the `Fields` section of the docs for particulars on the properties for each field.</tip>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<tip> _Note:_ there may be additional properties specific to each field, but the above are the rudimentary properties of every field. Check the **Fields** section of the docs for particulars on the properties for each field.</tip>
```
avoid code tag abuse

export default Page
```

> <tip> _Important:_ You may need to implement default values or dummy files to avoid a GraphQL error when a field is 'empty'. [**Please read this workaround.**](https://tinacms.org/docs/gatsby/markdown#adding-default-or-dummy-values)</tip>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<tip> _Important:_ You may need to implement default values or dummy files to avoid a GraphQL error when a field is empty. Take a look at our [empty field troubleshooting guide](https://tinacms.org/docs/gatsby/markdown#avoiding-errors-caused-by-empty-fields) for more information.</tip>
```
updating formatting in line with style guide recommendations: https://tinacms.org/docs/contributing/style-guide
